Do not release the payment if the plugin receives a fail callback fro… (#165)
AltaPay/plugin-magento2-community: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

## [3.8.1]
### Added

> - Fix: Do not release the payment if the plugin receives a fail callback from the gateway, even though the payment is in a successful state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: Do not release the payment when receiving a fail callback if the payment is in a successful state
```
